README.md, before:

# 🐳 Docker Rehberi - TR

Bu proje, Docker kavramlarını temelden ileri seviyeye kadar anlatan kapsamlı bir Türkçe rehberdir. Modern bir web arayüzü sunmak için React ve Vite kullanılarak geliştirilmiştir.

## Proje İçeriği ve Yapısı

- **src/docs:** Tüm dökümanlar ve metin içerikleri burada yer alır.
- **src/images:** Rehberde kullanılan görsel şemalar ve ekran görüntüleri.
- **src/assets:** Uygulamanın statik dosyaları.

## Yerel Kurulum ve Çalıştırma

Projeyi kendi bilgisayarınızda çalıştırmak için:

1. **Depoyu kopyalayın:**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/BozgunBer-2506/Docker-Rehberi-TR.git
```

2. **Bağımlılıkları yükleyin:**

```bash
npm install
```

3. **Geliştirici modunda başlatın:**

```bash
npm run dev
```

---

# 🐳 Docker Guide - EN

This project is a comprehensive guide for Docker, covering everything from basics to advanced usage. It is built with a modern web interface using React and Vite.

## Project Structure

- **src/docs:** Contains all the markdown and text-based documentation.
- **src/images:** Visual diagrams and screenshots used in the guide.
- **src/assets:** Static assets for the application.

## Local Installation and Usage

To run this project on your local machine:

1. **Clone the repository:**

```bash
git clone [https://github.com/BozgunBer-2506/Docker-Rehberi-TR.git](https://github.com/BozgunBer-2506/Docker-Rehberi-TR.git)
```

2. **Install dependencies:**

```bash
npm install
```

3. **Start the development server:**

```bash
npm run dev
```

---

Crafted by **The_Bozgun**

Commit message:

Add license information to README

README.md, after:

# 🐳 Docker Rehberi - TR

Bu proje, Docker kavramlarını temelden ileri seviyeye kadar anlatan kapsamlı bir Türkçe rehberdir. Modern bir web arayüzü sunmak için React ve Vite kullanılarak geliştirilmiştir.

## Proje İçeriği ve Yapısı

- **src/docs:** Tüm dökümanlar ve metin içerikleri burada yer alır.
- **src/images:** Rehberde kullanılan görsel şemalar ve ekran görüntüleri.
- **src/assets:** Uygulamanın statik dosyaları.

## Yerel Kurulum ve Çalıştırma

Projeyi kendi bilgisayarınızda çalıştırmak için:

1. **Depoyu kopyalayın:**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/BozgunBer-2506/Docker-Rehberi-TR.git
```

2. **Bağımlılıkları yükleyin:**

```bash
npm install
```

3. **Geliştirici modunda başlatın:**

```bash
npm run dev
```

---

# 🐳 Docker Guide - EN

This project is a comprehensive guide for Docker, covering everything from basics to advanced usage. It is built with a modern web interface using React and Vite.

## Project Structure

- **src/docs:** Contains all the markdown and text-based documentation.
- **src/images:** Visual diagrams and screenshots used in the guide.
- **src/assets:** Static assets for the application.

## Local Installation and Usage

To run this project on your local machine:

1. **Clone the repository:**

```bash
git clone [https://github.com/BozgunBer-2506/Docker-Rehberi-TR.git](https://github.com/BozgunBer-2506/Docker-Rehberi-TR.git)
```

2. **Install dependencies:**

```bash
npm install
```

3. **Start the development server:**

```bash
npm run dev
```

## License

This project is licensed under the **Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International (CC BY-NC 4.0)** license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

---

Crafted by **The_Bozgun**
